Fix column order in data exported from matplotlib linegraph with `--data-format tsv --export` (#2143)
ewels/MultiQC: CHANGELOG.md

### MultiQC updates

> - Fix export TSV from a matplotlib linegraph plot ([#2143](https://github.com/ewels/MultiQC/pull/2143))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix column sorting in exported TSV files from a matplotlib linegraph plot ([#2143](https://github.com/ewels/MultiQC/pull/2143))
```
